Italy, a European country with a long Mediterranean coastline, has left a powerful mark on Western culture and cuisine. 
Its capital, Rome, is home to the Vatican as well as landmark art and ancient ruins. 
Other major cities include Florence, with Renaissance masterpieces such as Michelangelo’s "David" and Brunelleschi's Duomo; Venice, 
the city of canals; and Milan, 
Italy’s fashion capital.
ourists and travel experts have long agreed that Italy is a special place, so much so that the country has become a de facto bucket list destination for just about everyone. Famous for its incredible food, rich historical sites, highly regarded art, charming small towns and picturesque cities, countrysides and coastlines, it's safe to say Italy's offerings are unmatched. U.S. News rounded up the best places to visit in Italy considering a number of factors, from affordability and seasonality to sights and crowds, to help you decide exactly where to go. Have a favorite destination in Italy? Cast your vote below to influence next year's ranking.
Legendary assassin John Wick (Keanu Reeves) retired from his violent career after marrying the love of his life. 
Her sudden death leaves John in deep mourning. When sadistic mobster Iosef Tarasov (Alfie Allen) and his thugs steal John's prized car and kill the puppy that was a last gift from his wife, John unleashes the remorseless killing machine within and seeks vengeance. 
Meanwhile, Iosef's father (Michael Nyqvist) -- John's former colleague -- puts a huge bounty on John's head.
chicken tikka masala, dish consisting of marinated boneless chicken pieces that are traditionally cooked in a tandoor and then served in a subtly spiced tomato-cream sauce.
Kangaroos are marsupials from the family Macropodidae (macropods, meaning "large foot"). In common use the term is used to describe the largest species from this family, the red kangaroo, as well as the antilopine kangaroo, eastern grey kangaroo, and western grey kangaroo.
Kangaroos are indigenous to Australia and New Guinea. The Australian government estimates that 42.8 million kangaroos lived within the commercial harvest areas of Australia in 2019, down from 53.2 million in 2013.
These include the Red Kangaroo (Macropus rufus), Eastern Grey Kangaroo (M. giganteus), Western Grey Kangaroo (M. fuliginosus), Antilopine Kangaroo (M. antilopinus), Common Wallaroo (or Euro) (M. robustus) and the Black Wallaroo (M. bernadus).
The word kangaroo derives from ‘Gangurru’, the name given to Eastern Grey Kangaroos by the Guuga Yimithirr people of Far North Queensland. Kangaroos are of cultural and spiritual significance to Aboriginal people across Australia. Plus, their meat was, and continues to be, a  staple protein source; pelts were used for clothing and rugs; and their skin crafted into water bags.
Kangaroos are the world’s largest marsupials. A Red Kangaroo can weigh  90kg and can grow two metres tall. Black Wallaroos, at around 20kg, are the smallest species.
IPL stands for Indian Premier League, it is a twenty-20 cricket tournament played by the cricket players from all over the world. BCCI is responsible for arranging and managing the IPL.
IPL was introduced by BCCI in the year 2008, since then IPL is played in India every year. There are players from different countries made to play for one team, depending on the performance the teams will qualify for semi-finals and then the Final tournament.
The Indian Premier League is played by both Indian cricketers and overseas cricket players. The teams of IPL represent different states of India. Each team is given a chance to play fourteen matches before they qualify for the semi-finals
The main purpose of designing the IPL was to bring out the change in the history of cricket patterns. The first announcement of IPL was made by the BCCI on 13th September 2007.
IPL was introduced in a high profile ceremony in April, in New Delhi. It is said that vice president Lalit Modi is the mastermind behind introducing IPL.
They only designed the whole format of the tournament along with trophies and other prizes. The IPL is believed to be run by 7 man governing councils including former Indian players and officers of BCCI.
Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG) is the concept to provide LLMs with additional information from an external knowledge source. This allows them to generate more accurate and contextual answers while reducing hallucinations.
State-of-the-art LLMs are trained on large amounts of data to achieve a broad spectrum of general knowledge stored in the neural network's weights (parametric memory). However, prompting an LLM to generate a completion that requires knowledge that was not included in its training data, such as newer, proprietary, or domain-specific information, can lead to factual inaccuracies (hallucinations).